You saw your royal pilots.
Hello go love
Hello hello four
I've seen the horse well. Oh, I 'll introduce you to the male family once.
I've called no ahdae are responsible guitar and vocals from Royal Pirates
I saw it.
It is the swing that receives drums from Orpas by civil war .
Can not be done
I spend some gm taking on motor seats
nice to meet you
I did not come to live the longest I've ever heard. Yeah. It feels right. Yeah.
You're only # 10. Two years have passed.
Yes, I'm rich and I have a team of Zita r Bear
What I think ah ah do that by just ten thousand won a reiter so English
I've got another dvi-d flies on my team sr shuttle ascites
Tetin where the tone og2
Uh lead ing four teeth fishery system is now a little bit different, I Sunder 4 tubes
My recommendation
James was a writer who could hardly speak Korean at first,
I've grown a lot in life over the years.
Thank you
It's cute. Ah, it 's a four-band band formed in LA in 2008
Hyphenation as a resistance to blame formed two awful happened when I was a kid if I type between
10 years so from junior high school together 3 work together
Humid heat pair margins 2009 The worse was two minutes of music almost 10 years
Now since I have close out four times that we are doing another band teurawoojeo
Company Case We and I
The really old then 2 minutes hasidaga the catapult with aerodynamic
Are you now introduced to James Separately 4 years old
I do not have a new friend
Austin Would you tell ah ha is why people are rushing Forget that really exist
No it's not that I live in a friend ost magic Korea by overseas inert
These products next to the base beaters and no bass is so little eopjanahyo
Yes , there is. Yes. Yes. There's something like that pace is not popular .
I'm going to go to the base of the Mayanara, and I have to fill in with your hand lips
He was very handsome and tall.
Uh, so it could be popular if it's sheep pace.
Oh, it's going to be a lot more positive .
Let's just listen, just as it did that phone call deokhu feel fit through
It's the same. 100 million is coming from the pronunciation.
If you like me better than me Why do not you come along with us Skirt 4
Why did I speak English when I spoke in Korean?
0 It's hard
You can try it. How can I do that now. Amen. Amen.
scs e-scm when not in angetjyo little awkward, so visitors do eoke
Eoke fought so please come in Nha gonna tell him no good ssende
Oh La running order of the original gold kid did good, so the New Year with some friends that
I did not give them two when I first met.
Yes . I have something different. I think it's like the Beast brothers in the center and the center.
If you are right now , you have exchanged some of your personality
Until now I have more time, knowing some really head a little schoolboy
The unknown word joke after Poached us now through the earth ah
In fact, before the end Probably common share so much together that haneunge
I did not.
Now that the sun is coming and the music is now together ,
It is written. Ah yes.
Your rival has two drums of Earth company.
Arcade Ake brothers look for me, I'm no longer Dabo and what
I do not know what I want
But can Mr. Yu has been replaced'll see you beating drums Oh yes oh
Doegetda not comes in. Oh well I guess I struck lining relative
I especially heard that you made your debut as the movie became a hot topic.
It's a video. Uh,
There was such a tasting that you will be, and then we are now Korean
Idol group of songs we took a kind of remake of the rock version you so
What song
It was the first time I posted it to me. Then Nobody Wonder Girls Nobody and another society
Low tide
They like going out so you look at me in front of the noisy eotguna
Anything rto max 10 times
I think I would know it on Earth is my third so that's a Check it out at our company
Contact gotta come to see the United Kingdom referred to South Korea
4 I want to be a woman in Korean, ok ah
ok yes even e the acupuncture of the pens alike call me by phone
I think it's getting stronger .
3 good good 10a like 3 phone calls yes I understand
Do you live in Korea for 2 years? I love Korean food.
So that's the top five.
But what I want from my American
My sister wants to see the division
4 Star 2 What can I do video chat ? I think it's a good time .
Oh, you do a lot of broadcasts yesterday. You're two minutes.
Images
You did not do it . Come on. You were a Pharma. Yes. Two coat.
Broadcast 1
In fact, as the first four language arts
He is now a little Oh and I frequent War Camels brothers why some in the night
I was a bit uncomfortable, but I got so close to each other,
I think it was a very good memory for me personally.
I'm forming a relationship with a lot of people, is not it, even in the form and positional relationship
I can make my own memories and the day is good for the country
I write pro I am 3 days a day,
I have been there a day .
I was able to represent your parents in a really great program, so I grew up
Three people think personally
So I was too good for my 4
It is also good to do this when you take your parents '
Son group.
Thought out like the great Lord of the Rings jojaryong land in production
It 's okay. I can do 3 projects. One is fast .
Number
You must live like this.
I played Dad friends face following mother
Neo.I want it to be broadcast there.Maybe through the Internet.
Yes. Congratulations. You can broadcast now, but you can hit Manitou in the concert hall.
I would like to have 3
I want to be a band like this in the future .
I pull out of my house the Beatles role model for the world language
Now imagine going now grow as fans and always growing strategic
It's not that we are not satisfied with it .
And 3 empathic
And how long can it last?